#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass paper
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Conclusions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this work, we presented a new approach to supervised dimensionality reduction
—one that attempts to learn orthogonal category axes during training.
 The motivation for this work stems from the observation that the semantics
 of the multi-class Fisher linear discriminant are unclear especially w.r.t.
 defining a space for the categories (classes).
 Beginning with this observation, we designed an objective function comprising
 sums of quadratic and absolute value functions (aimed at maximizing the
 inner product between each training set pattern and its class axes) with
 Stiefel manifold constraints (since the category axes are orthonormal).
 It turns out that recent work has characterized such problems and provided
 sufficient conditions for the detection of global minima (despite the presence
 of non-convex constraints).
 The availability of a straightforward Stiefel manifold optimization algorithm
 tailored to this problem (which has no step size parameters to estimate)
 is an attractive by-product of this formulation.
 The extension to the kernel setting is entirely straightforward.
 Since the kernel dimensionality reduction approach warps the patterns toward
 orthogonal category axes, this raises the possibility of using the angle
 between each pattern and the category axes as a classification measure.
 We conducted experiments in the kernel setting and demonstrated reasonable
 performance for the angle-based classifier suggesting a new avenue for
 future research.
 Finally, visualization of dimensionality reduction for three classes showcases
 the category space geometry with clear semantic advantages over principal
 components and multi-class Fisher.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Several opportunities exist for future research.
 We notice clustering of patterns near the origin of the category space,
 clearly calling for an origin margin (as in SVM's).
 At the same time, we can also remove the orthogonality assumption (in the
 linear case) while continuing to pursue multi-class discrimination.
 Finally, extensions to the multi-label case 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "sun2013multi"

\end_inset

 are warranted and suggest interesting opportunities for future work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
